Commercial stations
5 FM 5FM's emphasis is on the latest music and South African youth trends. It broadcasts in English to South Africa's metropolitan areas.
Website: www.5fm.co.za
94.2 FM Jacaranda One of the largest independent commercial stations broadcasting in Gauteng, Jacaranda offers a mix of easy-listening adult contemporary music and news.
Website: www.jacarandafm.co.za
94.5 Kfm Kfm broadcasts adult contemporary music in the Western Cape and as far afield as Alexander Bay and the Northern Cape.
Website: www.kfm.co.za
94.7 Highveld Stereo Highveld Stereo broadcasts a mix of contemporary music throughout Gauteng.
Website: www.highveld.co.za
99.2 Yfm Home of kwaito and the "Y Generation", Y is the country's most popular youth station. 
Website: www.yfm.co.za
567 Cape Talk Twinned with Johannesburg stalwart 702 Talk Radio, Cape Talk promises to bring you all the news, views, sport, weather, traffic and information you need.
Website: www.capetalk.co.za
Algoa FM Algoa FM broadcasts from the Garden Route to the Wild Coast, providing news, gossip, sport, traffic and weather, and is focused towards adults who enjoy good music, good living and indulge in quality life experiences.
Website: www.algoafm.co.za
Capricorn FM Limpopo's newest station is a predominantly a music station, with news and talk. English (70%) as well as Venda, Pedi and Tsonga.
Website: www.capricornfm.co.za
Classic FM Based on the UK station, Classic FM broadcasts classical music throughout Gauteng. There are also lifestyle and business features, regular news, financial and sport updates as well as interviews with local artists and composers.
Website: www.classicfm.co.za
DStv channel 157
East Coast Radio East Coast broadcasts a mix of music and news to Durban and throughout KwaZulu- Natal.
Website: www.ecr.co.za
Gagasi 99.5 FM English and Zulu in KwaZulu-Natal, targeting funky young people with a mix of urban contemporary sounds.
Website: www.gagasi995.co.za
Good Hope 94 - 97 FM Cape Town's Good Hope FM plays contemporary music ranging from R&B, ballads and pop through to hip hop, dance, jazz and old school.
Website: www.goodhopefm.co.za
Mobisite: goodhopefm.mobi
Heart 104.9 FM Heart 104.9 FM caters to an adult contemporary audience with a mix of music, news, and sport.
Website: www.1049.fm
Kaya FM Kaya FM provides an African-focused adult contemporary and jazz format, with a mix of music and talk, broadcasting throughout Gauteng.
Website: www.kayafm.co.za
Metro FM Broadcast in English, Metro FM is the largest national commercial station in South Africa, targeting 25- to 34-year-old black urban adults. Focus is on contemporary international music – hip-hop, R&B, kwaito and more.
Website: www.metrofm.co.za
MPower FM Seven frequencies serving Mpumalanga, MPower FM is an adult contemporary station, with music and at least 50% regional news and information.
Website:www.mpowerfm.co.za
North West FM Broadcasting in English and Tswana, North West FM plays contemporary and classic favourites.
Website:www.northwestfm.co.za
OFM 94 - 97 An adult contemporary station broadcasting in the Free State.
Website: www.ofm.co.za
Mobisite: m.ofm.co.za
Radio Kansel/Radio Pulpit Radio Pulpit broadcasts the gospel in all 11 languages.
Website: www.radiokansel.co.za
Talk Radio 702 702 Talk Radio, based in Johannesburg, offers news, sport, business and actuality programming – and lots of phone-in debate.
Website: www.702.co.za/onair
DStv Channel 156 or dial 083 900-0702 to listen via your mobile (note: VAS rates apply).

Read more: http://www.southafrica.info/abroad/streamingradio.htm#ixzz4IuicxRoG