SABC public broadcasting stations
Ukhozi FM - By far South Africa's largest radio station, broadcasting in isiZulu, the country's largest language group, Ukhozi - meaning "eagle" - is a semi-national adult contemporary radio station with a public broadcasting mandate. The station offers news, music, current affairs, talk shows, education, sport, weather and traffic. Music includes jazz, R&B, kwaito, house, gospel and African traditional. A significant part of programming targets the youth, who form a third of the total station audience.
Frequency: 90.8 - 93.4 FM
Broadcast area: KwaZulu-Natal, Gauteng, Mpumalanga, northeastern Eastern Cape, eastern Free State, eastern North West and southern Limpopo.
Audience (past seven days): 6.38-million
Language: Zulu
SAfm - "The station for the well-informed," SAfm covers the news and canvasses the opinions of the country. John Perlman's popular After Eight Debate brings some of the most prominent South Africans into the studio to discuss the events that are in the news. In accordance with its mandate as an SABC public broadcasting service in English, SAfm also explores broader themes and subjects relevant to its target market and delivers the information in a manner to benefit all South Africans.
Frequency: 104 - 107 FM
Broadcast area: National
Audience (past seven days): 481 000
Language: English
Offers live internet audio
Radio Sonder Grense - The SABC's national Afrikaans cultural service, Radio Sonder Grense - meaning "radio without borders" - targets the white, coloured and Indian market, offering news, current affairs, sport, lifestyle, education and music - alles in een - sonder grense. The format is primarily talk and current affairs, interspersed with soft pop and rock hits, 60% of which are English and 40% Afrikaans.
Frequency: 100 - 104 FM
Broadcast area: National
Audience (past seven days): 1.79-million
Language: Afrikaans
Offers live internet audio
Lotus FM - Lotus FM is a metropolitan, music- and talk-focused Indian lifestyle station, reflecting the music, culture and lifestyle of the progressive South African Indian community. With the pay-off line "Not everything is black and white", the station emphasises both the South African and Indian identity of its listeners.
Frequency: 92.5 - 103.8 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Town (Western Cape)
Audience (past seven days): 471 000
Language: English
Offers live internet audio
Umhlobo Wenene - The SABC's isiXhosa cultural service and the second-largest radio station in South Africa, Umhlobo Wenene means "a true friend". The format includes news, current affairs, talk shows, education, sport, weather and traffic, with jazz, R&B, kwaito, house, gospel and African traditional music.
Frequency: 90.7 - 97.1 FM
Broadcast area: Eastern Cape, Western Cape, Northern Cape, Free State, Gauteng, eastern North West, parts of KwaZulu-Natal
Audience (past seven days): 4.76-million
Language: Xhosa
Lesedi FM - Lesedi FM is a semi-national cultural service, broadcasting to an audience ranging in age from 16 to 49 living in urban and rural African communities. The largest seSotho radio station in South Africa, Lesedi FM is a needs-driven participatory radio station, with regular programming that touches on issues with a direct bearing on economic and personal empowerment.
Frequency: 88.7 to 90.6 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, Mpumalanga, North West, Free State, northern Eastern Cape, eastern KwaZulu-Natal
Audience (past seven days): 3.78-million
Language: Southern Sotho
Thobela FM - An African contemporary music radio station with an element of talk, Thobela FM is the SABC's Sepedi cultural service, targeting 25- to 49-year-old black South Africans in Limpopo. According to the SABC, they are "upwardly mobile, very progressive, have access to the internet, enjoy eating out and have high regard for family values and traditional cultural identity". Thobela is a traditional Pedi greeting.
Frequency: 98.7 - 91.9 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga
Audience (past seven days): 2.98-million
Language: Sepedi (Northern Sotho)
Motsweding - A Setswana community service station, Motsweding - which means "fountain" - offers news, music, current affairs, talk shows, education, sport, weather and traffic, aimed at an African audience aged from 16 to 49. The music is contemporary: jazz, R&B, kwaito, house, gospel and African traditional. The SABC describes it as South Africa's "only R&B vernacular radio station".
Frequency: 97.9 - 91.0 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, North West, western Limpopo, northeastern Northern Cape, western Free State
Audience (past seven days): 2.9-million
Language: Tswana
Ligwalagwala - A Siswati cultural service, Ligwalagwala broadcasts news, music, current affairs, talk shows, education, sport, weather and traffic. The music includes jazz, R&B, kwaito, house, gospel and African traditional music. The station targets young, literate, aspirational and upwardly mobile black people living mainly in Mpumalanga area, with the primary target market being 25- to 49-year-olds.
Frequency: 92.5 - 103.8 FM
Broadcast area: Mpumalanga, Gauteng, eastern Limpopo, eastern North West, northern KwaZulu-Natal
Audience (past seven days): 1.28-million
Language: Swazi
Munghana Lonene - Broadcast in xiTsonga, Munghana Lonene - "my true friend" - targets a 24- to 34-year-old African audience. "It leads and supports the aspirations of its listeners while ensuring contemporary societal norms and values," the SABC says. The station has a 50% split of talk and music: jazz, R&B, kwaito, house, gospel and African traditional.
Frequency: 88.8 - 99.6 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, Limpopo, eastern North West, eastern Mpumalanga
Audience (past seven days): 1.44-million
Language: Tsonga
Ikwekwezi FM - Based in Tshwane and broadcasting in isiNdebele, Ikwekwezi is a cultural service offering news, music, current affairs, talk shows, education, sports, weather and traffic. The average age of listeners is 33 and music styles include jazz, R&B, kwaito, house, gospel and African traditional music.
Frequency: 91.8 - 107.6 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, Mpumalanga, Limpopo
Audience (past seven days): 1.43-million
Language: Ndebele
Phalaphala FM - Phalaphala FM is a contemporary radio station targeting 16- to 34-year-old aspirational and upwardly mobile Tshivenda-speaking people in Limpopo and Gauteng, an audience the SABC describes as "future decision-makers".
Frequency: 97.9 - 108.1 FM
Broadcast area: Gauteng, Limpopo
Audience (past seven days): 836 000
Language: Venda


Read more: http://www.southafrica.info/about/media/861605.htm#ixzz4IujgIhIB